Today it's up to you to create the peacefulness you long for.
A friend asks only for your time not your money.
If you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it.
A smile is your passport into the hearts of others.
A good way to keep healthy is to eat more Chinese food.
Your high-minded principles spell success.
Hard work pays off in the future, laziness pays off now.
Change can hurt, but it leads a path to something better.
Enjoy the good luck a companion brings you.
People are naturally attracted to you.
Hidden in a valley beside an open stream- This will be the type of place where you will find your dream.
A chance meeting opens new doors to success and friendship.
You learn from your mistakes... You will learn a lot today.
If you have something good in your life, don't let it go!
What ever you're goal is in life, embrace it visualize it, and for it will be yours.
Your shoes will make you happy today.
You cannot love life until you live the life you love.
Be on the lookout for coming events; They cast their shadows beforehand.
Land is always on the mind of a flying bird.
The man or woman you desire feels the same about you.
Meeting adversity well is the source of your strength.
A dream you have will come true.
Our deeds determine us, as much as we determine our deeds.
Never give up. You're not a failure if you don't give up.
You will become great if you believe in yourself.
There is no greater pleasure than seeing your loved ones prosper.
You will marry your lover.
A very attractive person has a message for you.
You already know the answer to the questions lingering inside your head.
It is now, and in this world, that we must live.
You must try, or hate yourself for not trying.
You can make your own happiness.
The greatest risk is not taking one.
The love of your life is stepping into your planet this summer.
Love can last a lifetime, if you want it to.
Adversity is the parent of virtue.
Serious trouble will bypass you.
A short stranger will soon enter your life with blessings to share.
Now is the time to try something new.
Wealth awaits you very soon.
If you feel you are right, stand firmly by your convictions.
If winter comes, can spring be far behind?
Keep your eye out for someone special.
You are very talented in many ways.
A stranger, is a friend you have not spoken to yet.
A new voyage will fill your life with untold memories.
You will travel to many exotic places in your lifetime.
Your ability for accomplishment will follow with success.
Nothing astonishes men so much as common sense and plain dealing.
Its amazing how much good you can do if you dont care who gets the credit.
Everyone agrees. You are the best.
LIFE CONSIST NOT IN HOLDING GOOD CARDS, BUT IN PLAYING THOSE YOU HOLD WELL.
Jealousy doesn't open doors, it closes them!
It's better to be alone sometimes.
When fear hurts you, conquer it and defeat it!
Let the deeds speak.
You will be called in to fulfill a position of high honor and responsibility.
The man on the top of the mountain did not fall there.
You will conquer obstacles to achieve success.
Joys are often the shadows, cast by sorrows.
Fortune favors the brave.
An upward movement initiated in time can counteract fate.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
Sometimes you just need to lay on the floor.
Never give up. Always find a reason to keep trying.
If you have something worth fighting for, then fight for it.
Stop wishing. Start doing.
Accept your past without regrets. Handle your present with confidence. Face your future without fear.
Stay true to those who would do the same for you.
Ask yourself if what you are doing today is getting you closer to where you want to be tomorrow.
Happiness is an activity.
Help is always needed but not always appreciated. Stay true to your heart and help those in need weather they appreciate it or not.
Hone your competitive instincts.
Finish your work on hand don't be greedy.
For success today, look first to yourself.
Your fortune is as sweet as a cookie.
Integrity is the essence of everything successful.
If you're happy, you're successful.
You will always be surrounded by true friends
Believing that you are beautiful will make you appear beautiful to others around you.
Happinees comes from a good life.
Before trying to please others think of what makes you happy.
When hungry, order more Chinese food.
Your golden opportunity is coming shortly.
For hate is never conquered by hate. Hate is conquered by love .
You will make many changes before settling down happily.
A man is born to live and not prepare to live.
You cannot become rich except by enriching others.
Don't pursue happiness - create it.
You will be successful in love.
All your fingers can't be of the same length.
Wise sayings often fall on barren ground, but a kind word is never thrown away.
A lifetime of happiness is in store for you.
It is very possible that you will achieve greatness in your lifetime.
Be tactful; overlook your own opportunity.
You are the controller of your destiny.
Everything happens for a reson.
How can you have a beutiful ending without making beautiful mistakes.
You can open doors with your charm and patience.
Welcome the change coming into your life.
There will be a happy romance for you shortly.
Your fondest dream will come true within this year.
You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.
Your emotional nature is strong and sensitive.
A letter of great importance may reach you any day now.
Good health will be yours for a long time.
You will become better acquainted with a coworker.
To be old and wise, you must first be young and stupid.
Failure is only the opportunity to begin again more intelligently.
Integrity is doing the right thing, even if nobody is watching.
Conquer your fears or they will conquer you.
You are a lover of words; One day you will write a book.
In this life it is not what we take up, but what we give up, that makes us rich.
Fear can keep us up all night long, but faith makes one fine pillow.
Seek out the significance of your problem at this time. Try to understand.
Never upset the driver of the car you're in; they're the master of your destiny until you get home.
He who slithers among the ground is not always a foe.
You learn from your mistakes, you will learn a lot today.
You only need look to your own reflection for inspiration. Because you are Beautiful!
You are not judged by your efforts you put in; you are judged on your performance.
Rivers need springs.
Good news from afar may bring you a welcome visitor.
When all else seems to fail, smile for today and just love someone.
Patience is a virtue, unless its against a brick wall.
When you look down, all you see is dirt, so keep looking up.
If you are afraid to shake the dice, you will never throw a six.
Even if the person who appears most wrong, is also quite often right.
A single conversation with a wise man is better than ten years of study.
Happiness is often a rebound from hard work.
The world may be your oyster, but that doesn't mean you'll get it's pearl.
Your life will be filled with magical moments.
You're true love will show himself to you under the moonlight.
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go where there is no path...and leave a trail
Do not fear what you don't know
The object of your desire comes closer.
You have a flair for adding a fanciful dimension to any story.
If you wish to know the mind of a man, listen to his words
The most useless energy is trying to change what and who God so carefully created.
Do not be covered in sadness or be fooled in happiness they both must exist
You will have unexpected great good luck.
You will have a pleasant surprise
All progress occurs because people dare to be different.
Your ability for accomplishment will be followed by success.
The world is always ready to receive talent with open arms.
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle.
We can't help everyone. But everyone can help someone.
Every day is a new day. But tomorrow is never promised.
Express yourself: Don't hold back!
It is not necessary to show others you have change; the change will be obvious.
You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.
If your desires are not extravagant, they will be rewarded.
You try hard, never to fail. You don't, never to win.
Never give up on someone that you don't go a day without thinking about.
It never pays to kick a skunk.
In case of fire, keep calm, pay bill and run.
Next full moon brings an enchanting evening.
Not all closed eye is sleeping nor open eye is seeing.
Impossible is a word only to be found in the dictionary of fools.
You will soon witness a miracle.
The time is alway right to do what is right.
Love is as necessary to human beings as food and shelter.
You will make heads turn.
You are extremely loved. Don't worry :)
If you are never patient, you will never get anything done. If you believe you can do it, you will be rewarded with success.
You will soon embark on a business venture.
You believe in the goodness of man kind.
You will have a long and wealthy life.
You will take a pleasant journey to a place far away.
You are a person of culture.
Keep it simple. The more you say, the less people remember.
Life is like a dogsled team. If you ain't the lead dog, the scenery never changes.
Prosperity makes friends and adversity tries them.
Nothing seems impossible to you.
Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet.
The only certainty is that nothing is certain.
Success is the sum of my unique visions realized by the sweat of perseverance.
When you expect your opponent to yield, you also should avoid hurting him.
Human evolution: “wider freeway" but narrower viewpoints.
Intelligence is the door to freedom and alert attention is the mother of intelligence.
Back away from individuals who are impulsive.
Enjoyed the meal? Buy one to go too.
You believe in the goodness of mankind.
A big fortune will descend upon you this year.
Now these three remain, faith, hope, and love. The greatest of these is love.
For success today look first to yourself.
Determination is the wake-up call to the human will.
There are no limitations to the mind except those we aknowledge.
A merry heart does good like a medicine.
Whenever possible, keep it simple.
Your dearest wish will come true.
Poverty is no disgrace.
If you don’t do it excellently, don’t do it at all.
You have an unusual equipment for success, use it properly.
Emotion is energy in motion.
You will soon be honored by someone you respect.
Punctuality is the politeness of kings and the duty of gentle people everywhere.
Your happiness is intertwined with your outlook on life.
Elegant surroundings will soon be yours.
If you feel you are right, stand firmly by your convictions.
Your smile brings happiness to everyone you meet.
Instead of worrying and agonizing, move ahead constructively.
Do you believe? Endurance and persistence will be rewarded.
A new business venture is on the horizon.
Never underestimate the power of the human touch.
Hold on to the past but eventually, let the times go and keep the memories into the present.
Truth is an unpopular subject. Because it is unquestionably correct.
The most important thing in communication is to hear what isn’t being said.
You are broad minded and socially active.
Your dearest dream is coming true. God looks after you especially.
You will recieve some high prize or award.
Your present question marks are going to succeed.
You have a fine capacity for the enjoyment of life.
You will live long and enjoy life.
An admirer is concealing his/her affection for you.
A wish is what makes life happen when you dream of rose petals.
Love can turn cottage into a golden palace.
Lend your money and lose your freind.
You will kiss your crush ohhh lalahh
You will be rewarded for being a good listener in the next week.
If you never give up on love, It will never give up on you.
Unleash your life force.
Your wish will come true.
There is a prospect of a thrilling time ahead for you.
No distance is too far, if two hearts are tied together.
Land is always in the mind of the flying birds.
Try? No! Do or do not, there is no try.
Do not worry, you will have great peace.
It's about time you asked that special someone on a date.
You create your own stage ... the audience is waiting.
It is never too late. Just as it is never too early.
Discover the power within yourself.
Good things take time.
Stop thinking about the road not taken and pave over the one you did.
Put your unhappiness aside. Life is beautiful, be happy.
You can still love what you can not have in life.
Make a wise choice everyday.
Circumstance does not make the man; it reveals him to himself.
The man who waits till tomorrow, misses the opportunities of today.
Life does not get better by chance. It gets better by change.
If you never expect anything you can never be disappointed.
People in your surroundings will be more cooperative than usual.
True wisdom is found in happiness.
Ones always regrets what could have done. Remember for next time.
Follow your bliss and the Universe will open doors where there were once only walls.
Find a peaceful place where you can make plans for the future.
All the water in the world can't sink a ship unless it gets inside.
The earth is a school learn in it.
In music, one must think with his heart and feel with his brain.
If you speak honestly, everyone will listen.
Ganerosity will repay itself sooner than you imagine.